Remove incorrect special case for when commands return zero (#76)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/commands/basics.md

};
```

> The integer can be considered the result of the command. Typically nonpositive values mean a command has failed and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integer can be considered the result of the command. Typically values less than or equal to zero mean a command has failed and will
```
